---
layout: post
title:  "How a Startup Got Started: PrepYou"
description: "You have a great idea for an app, but how to you create a real company?"
date:   2014-09-26
expiry_date: 2014-09-27
categories: events
---

Lunch Time Event: Friday, Sept. 26, 2014, 12:30 PM
Location: MADLab – Gerstein Library

You have a great idea for an app, but how to you create a real company?

In a market that demands support for a wide variety of platforms – how do you support them all simultaneously with a small team?

Amin Nikdel and Tejas Mehta from PrepYou will be at the MADLab to share their story in a quick 30 min. lunch time talk on creating their company, and reaching a broad audience of mobile users.

PrepYou is a young and fast growing edTech start-up focusing on increasing engagement within
online classrooms by enriching teaching media. The technologies philosophy is to focus on three main
core values:
– Being Consumer Focused
– Being Lean and rapid prototyping
– Being Research Focused

This methodology has allowed PrepYou to iterate more than 4 times in the last 4 months and
become adopted by many institutions in Canada including Queen’s University, Western University,
University of Toronto and Ted Rogers School of Business.

Amin is a recent graduate from Queen’s University. He got his degree in Computer Science, specializing in BioMedicine. During his student career he has worked as a research assistant in a Biomotion Lab developing several functional programs designed to test perceptual motion and track human movement. However, his passion for education and entrepreneurship coupled with his technical skills in product development and marketing has led to two start-ups in the last 2 years including PrepYou.ca. With his co-founders, he hopes to one day change the face of online education.

Tejas is a recent graduate from Engineering Science and the Next36 program. He is skilled at Product Development and Software Engineering. He is an aspiring entrepreneur having started several start ups in the last two years. His start ups include: MeHelpYou.com, prepyou.ca, and sports-tab.com. He is an expert in various technology stacks including Java EE, Spring MVC, Django, and Node.js. Tejas’ ambition is to develop technologies to improve the quality of education and empower students.

Sign up [here](http://www.eventbrite.ca/e/how-a-startup-got-started-prepyou-tickets-13287823237?ref=ebtnebregn)
