---
layout: post
title:  "Yelp Talk"
description: "Come hear Toronto alum, Ken S., speak about working to move our Frontend to a Service Oriented Architecture to make more incremental changes and we think the lessons learned/motivations behind it are really useful to anyone going into our industry."
date:   2015-09-17
expiry_date: 2015-09-17
categories: events
---

Talk abstract: We have a lot of Full stack Web Developers at Yelp. Building a single web application filled with those engineers implementing new features is chaotic. You need to write a ton of tests to avoid regressions, aggressively monitor everything and when you need to make infrastructure changes it can be really scary. Come hear Toronto alum, Ken S., speak about working to move our Frontend to a Service Oriented Architecture to make more incremental changes and we think the lessons learned/motivations behind it are really useful to anyone going into our industry.

At our tech talk, we're providing food and drinks from Rasta Pasta, and raffling off an iPad Mini w/Retina, so remember to bring your CS or engineering resume to get a raffle ticket!
RSVP here.

If you’re interested in learning more about Yelp’s technical innovations, check out our latest projects on the Yelp Engineering blog, or follow us on Twitter and Facebook, and don't forget to check out the Yelp Dataset Challenge - Round 6 is on!

The fastest way to an epic internship or awesome full-time position is by giving a Yelp recruiter your resume at the career fair or our tech talk. If you just can’t wait, take a look at our college positions on [Yelp - Careers](www.yelp.com/careers)!

Join the [Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1643984415816006/)
